Name

Orlondo

Rue

Given Nickname (if applicable, optional)

Mailing Address and Email

17548 Dorset Ave

48075

Southfield

48075


MI

Country

o.rue@sbcglobal.net

2487050674

Educational Background

University of Phoenix

Information Technology

3.65

Important Details
Desired Yearly Salary   

65000
Do not enter "Negotiable"Available Start Date 


05/14/2018
Willing to Relocate 

Yes No Online Portfolio URL (required for creative / development applicants)
17548 Dorset Ave
Upload Resume 
Resume_Orlon... 


What's so cool about this job for you?

I started in the field as a Flash developer. It would be fun to go back to doing projects in Flash (AS2/AS3). There are a lot of things that can be done in Flash that can't be done with Javascript, HTML, CSS, with regards to animation and I miss that. Flash was fun to work in! I have to add I also miss not having to worry about cross browser consistency issues.

I have a ton of experience with building e-learning courses, also. Building some of those were fun, as well. 

All-in-all, it would be cool to get to do some of the things I've enjoyed most since becoming a programmer all in one shop.

I've been working professionally as a programmer for the past 7 years. 

I started as a Flash developer working with both AS2 and AS3. In the beginning, I mostly built digital ads, but that quickly transitioned into components, modules, microsites, etc.

As Flash was starting to phase out, I taught myself to do in Javascript, HTML, CSS (...and GSAP for animation), all the things I could do in Flash.  My title then became Interactive Developer. With this my role was to do with JS, HTML, CSS many of the same things I did in Flash with the addition of maintaining and making alterations to existing websites and prototyping web app ideas. From there my title change to Front-End Developer, where I did the duties typical of a Front-End developer, until I took a position with another company as a JavaScript Developer.

In this new role, I built e-learning web app. Most were built with pure JavaScript, HTML, CSS. Rough estimate, I would say 60% were built this way. The other 40% were built with an authorizing tool like Captivate or Storyline, and some were still built in Flash.
While working there, I built at least 200+ course. Again, the vast majority were built with JS, HTML, CSS.  




Your Skills
What are your top 3 skills & your level of expertise? (required) 
Javascript / HTML / CSS

PSD to HTML conversion

Flash / (AS2 and AS3)

2D animation (Flash and Javascript) - Advanced

Javascript
NodeJS
PHP
TypeScript
WebAssmebly
Your Tools
What are your top 3 digital tools? (required) 
Photoshop

VS Code

NPM (Node Package Manager)

Webpack - Intermediate
CLI - Intermediate
Illustrator - Intermediate

Any tools you wish to learn or be better at using? (Please list, one tool per line)
